                                  PROBLEM STATEMENT 1 (DEV 01)
                                  
                                  Rooting for a good cause.

   Objectives:
● To create a centralized platform that makes it easy for philanthropists to
discover and support NGOs working in areas they are passionate about.

● To provide philanthropists with comprehensive information about each NGO,
including their mission, history, and impact, to help them make informed
decisions.

● To improve transparency and accountability in the donation process by
providing real-time updates on the use of funds and the impact of donations.

● To provide NGOs with a way to reach a larger audience and secure the funding
they need to carry out their missions.

● To facilitate better collaboration and communication between philanthropists
and NGOs to help maximize the impact of their efforts.


                                    ISHCHARITY 

IshCharity is a project implemented aiming to serve a good cause which helps NGO's and Philanthropist get 
connected with various charity events.

It is a non-profit organisation which relies completely on funding provided by various funders. We have implemented this idea using 
HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT,NODE the key features worked on are : 


i)Adding a search filter for the NGO's list- which makes it easier for the user to navigate to the NGO specific 
to his location
ii) Multi-user login page - This page increases the login/signup flow pattern of the website and also seperates 
the NGO login and user login so that they can be directed to different pages corncerning them respectively.
iii) Introducing Community groups and tools for a better communication and colloborative work between philanthropists
 and NGOs- Creation of a discord group so that the users can connect through discord and communicate by using-chat/video 
 conferencing facilities and also included skype for better tech in purpose of video conferencing.
iv) Improving transparency and accountability-incoperated by using a safe and secure method of payment- RazorPay and 
integrating it with the website. (Currently in test mode)
